ScheduleBuilder is a tool to create class schedules.

The schedule is represented as a table, each row in the table is an event.

The program launches with an empty table, ready for creating a new schedule. To add a new event to the schedule,
click "Add Event" button, click inside a cell in the table and enter the desired text.

To remove an event from the schedule, click inside any cell of the row representing the event you want to remove
and press "Remove Event" button.

To save the schedule, select File->Save menu. If this is a new schedule (one you have not saved), you will be
prompted to choose a file where you want to save it. Select the directory you want and name the file. You must
give the file ".json" extension (e.g. my-schedule.json).

To open a previously saved schedule, select File->Open menu and navigate to the schedule file that you want to open,
select it and click Open button.

Once you are ready to export the PHP fragments, choose File->Export HTML, choose the directory where you want to save
them and hit Choose button. The following files will be saved in the directory you've chosen:

Detail file that contains an HTML table with the entire class schedule:
class-schedule-detail.php - this

Brief files with the schedule of a particular class, such as
ddd-foundations-brief.php, ddd-immersion-brief.php, ... The file name is derived from the class' name (e.g.
a class named "DDD Foundations" will result in the file named ddd-foundations-brief.php). ScheduleBuilder will
create as many brief files as there are distinct class types (meaning classes with different names).

To exit the tool, select File->Quit menu item. If the schedule has changed since the last save, you will be
presented with a Save dialog. Choose Yes button to save, No to exit without saving, and Cancel to return to
the program without quitting.

The tool at this point does not support FTP-ing the files to the server, so you will have to upload them
manually.

Known problem: if you exit the application by pressing Cmd-Q (Mac) or Ctrl-Q (Windows), you will not be prompted
to save the file, so your changes will be lost. Please always select File->Quit menu until the bug is fixed.